doc/rbd: clarify Rocky iSCSI gateway requirements (#69201)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/iscsi-targets.rst

block-level access is expanding to offer standard iSCSI support allowing
wider platform usage, and potentially opening new use cases.

> -  Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS Stream 7.5 (or newer), or Rocky Linux 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS Stream 7.5 (or newer); Rocky Linux 8
```

Author: @idryomov  
Done

   (or newer); Linux kernel v4.16 (or newer)

  .. note::

     **Rocky Linux** Ceph container images identify themselves as such in
     ``/etc/os-release``. The `ceph-iscsi <https://github.com/ceph/ceph-iscsi>`__

>      build in the image must treat Rocky like other RHEL-family systems, or

Reviewer: The Ceph container image is really just a collection of packages.  I don't think we inject raw build of anything in there:
```suggestion
     package must be new enough to treat Rocky like other RHEL-family systems, or
```

block-level access is expanding to offer standard iSCSI support allowing
wider platform usage, and potentially opening new use cases.

-  Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS Stream 7.5 (or newer), or Rocky Linux 8
   (or newer); Linux kernel v4.16 (or newer)

  .. note::

     **Rocky Linux:** Ceph container images based on Rocky identify themselves in

>      ``/etc/os-release``. The packaged `ceph-iscsi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **Rocky Linux:** If the Ceph container image is based on Rocky, the packaged `ceph-iscsi
```

     <https://github.com/ceph/ceph-iscsi>`__ tooling must be new enough to treat
     Rocky like other RHEL-family systems, or ``gwcli`` may fail to add gateways.
     See `Orchestrator #75359 <https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/75359>`__ for

>      background and CI history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     background.
```
